Redux
Redux is a library made for managing data, it manages the state of our app. basically is stores data in a central space such that our app can access it from anywhere in our app. we can define redux as a very large object kept inside a central space which contains all the important data for the application. so to give this data a structure, we divides the data into different segments known as slices according to the function they do.
in our app we are making cart functionality using redux, so now we will understand the data flow of redux.
1. we will click on add food item
2. this click dispatches an action which in turn calls a reducer function
3. this reducer function will modify the slice in redux
4. after then the data will be updated(Now, the question will arise that how this data will be updated in our UI).
5. the answer to that is that the data will be updated because it is "subscribed to our store" by using something known as selector.
https://ibb.co/5j36cFY
this the data flow in redux(I have made it😶‍🌫️)



Testing
-unit Testing
-integration testing
-end to end testing(e2e testing)

steps
    1. i react testing library
    2. i jest
    3. i babel(from jest site)
    4. configure babel.config.js(from jest site)
    5. our app already has babel, so it  will overwrite the newly created babel config , so configure parcelrc file (from parcel docs)
    6. npx jest
    7. npx jest --init(with js dom and babel, no typescript,otherwise yes)
    8. npm install --save-dev jest-environment-jsdom
for example made a test case for Sum.js in __test__ folder
    9.to use all the functions install  
     npm i -D @testing-library/jest-dom
        @testing-library/jest-dom is an extension library for the Jest testing framework that provides additional matchers and utilities for asserting DOM-related behaviors in your tests.
        It enhances the built-in Jest matchers by providing more specific matchers for DOM elements, such as toBeInTheDocument, toHaveTextContent, toHaveAttribute, etc.
        Using @testing-library/jest-dom can make your tests more expressive and readable by allowing you to write assertions that closely resemble how users interact with your application.
    10. install babel-preset as jsx will not work without this
        done the above step for testing contact page(npm install @babel/preset-react --save-dev)